the mandalorian and the child head to
navero after the monday calamari repairs
to the ship proved inadequate a they
reunite with grief karga
and cara dune there who have since
turned the planet around
cara has become the local marshal while
grief has taken on the role of
magistrate assisted by the unnamed
mithral b in return for the repairs
the mandalorian agrees to help destroy
an old imperial base on the other side
of the planet
the child is placed in a school where he
uses the force to steal blue macaron
treats from another student
the base turns out to have more than
just a skeleton crew and stormtroopers
patrol the corridors
they deactivate the lava cooling system
so that the natural lava flows will
destroy the base
during their escape they find scientists
and vats of what appear to be cloned
bodies
the scientists attempt to destroy the
evidence
mithral uncovers a recording from dr
pershing that reveals he had been
transfusing the blood of the child
which has a high m count into test
subjects
stormtroopers soon swarm the team and
they are forced to escape before the
lava overheats and destroys the base
the mandalorian flies from the base to
retrieve his ship
using his pack whilst carga dune and
mithral steal a stormtrooper transport
a chase ensues between the transport
driven by dune
and speeder bikes manned by scout
[Music]
troopers
grief karga kills the last scout trooper
but tie fighters launched from the base
chase after them
disabling the transports cannon
[Music]
the base soon explodes due to the
overheating of the lava
as the tie fighters close in on dune
karga and mithral
the razor crest appears and destroys the
imperials
[Music]
with his ship repaired and navero
secured mandu heads for corvus to track
down
ahsoka to know the new republic visit
cargoed to investigate the incident
with captain carson tava noting
something is brewing and we need to put
a stop to it
tava speaks with dune and tries asking
for her help in fighting remnants of the
empire
when alderaan dune's homeworld is
mentioned
she tells tava that she lost everything
after its destruction
an imperial officer receives
confirmation from one of the mechanics
working for grief karga that a tracking
beacon has been placed on the razor
crest
move gideon is informed and declares
that they will be ready
the episode ends with gideon looking
over a line of dark troopers awaiting
[Music]
activation
you